DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Doom Dimension or Bust!\"
[bell tolling]
Nighty-night... Julio...
RUNO: Looks like I'm running low on Bakugan.
I just...
can't lose...
Don't worry, Runo.
What do you want?
Why I just wanted to see you, Chan.
I don't believe you, Masquerade...
Now spill it.
[laughs]
I win, you answer my question!
Bakugan Field Open!
Tigrerra...
I'm so...
lucky that you're my Bakugan!
Do I detect that something's amiss, Runo?
No, no... nothing...
Right...
Ha!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Pyrus Warius Stand!
Hydranoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: Battlefield Open.
Ha...
You're all mine!
Gate Card Open!
Triple Battle!
Sorry but...
you're finished!
Bakugan Brawl!
Centipoid Stand!
Now watch and learn!
BAKUPOD: Centipoid combined with Warius
has increased power level
to 690 Gs.
Sorry Masquerade, but your Hydranoid is out gunned!
Attack!
Ha.
Say what?
Ability Activate!
Oregano Revenge!
Try that on for size!
BAKUPOD: Ability Activated.
Hydranoid power increase of 100 Gs.
Each opponent power level decreased by 100 Gs.
Hey Chan, you might want to check your Baku-Pod again.
BAKUPOD: Calculation complete.
Hydronoid now at 550 Gs.
Hydranoid...
Let's go...
And make it quick...
You're mine!
Impossible!
You did it with one move!
Oh, I'm only getting warmed up, my dear!
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
Hmph!
Gate Card Open!
Now to use my Fourtress Character Card!
BAKUPOD: Fourtress power level
increase to 740 Gs.
Observe my mystical powers grow!
Hmph! What a fool!
You're the fool!
Watch this!
Phase of Rage!
BAKUPOD: Fourtress Power Increase 100 Gs.
The Roaring Flames of Fourtresses' Anger
will burn you, Hydranoid!
Ability Activate...
Merge Shield.
My Merge Shield Ability here...
Allows me to steal all your Power Gs you've gained
during our little battle.
What do you think, Chan?
Impossible!
If you thought that was hot!
Try this!
Fourtress!
You... you win...
this time...
[laughter]
What was that?
Yes!
Do you mind repeating that, Runo?
I said...
From now on, I'm retiring from Bakugan!
Why?
That makes no sense!
What's up?
I remember when you couldn't go an entire day
without a battle!
Don't worry, it's no big deal, guys.
I'm curious as to what made you change your mind?
Ooh...
I don't know, it's hard to explain...
But I've made my decision and that is that!
But Runo?
I suspect something...
deeper...
I don't know if this means anything, but...
lately, she's been kind of down.
Did she...
say anything to you, Tigrerra?
Not that I can think of...
Hmm.
Man, what is up with Runo?
Doesn't she realize we need her to defeat Masquerade?
I'm sure she has her reasons...
And in her own good time she'll explain herself, Daniel...
I guess this means we'll never brawl again...
Ah, so many dishes...
I'll never finish...
Runo, are you sure about your decision?
Huh?
I'm sure, Tigrerra.
It's just that... well...
That's sweet that you're worried about me...
But I've made my mind up and that's the end of it...
Hey, it's really no big deal!
Okay, gotta find the broom...
Oh, there...
Are you sure, Runo?
Yes Tigrerra...
I'm sure...
I know you think you're pretty tough, Masquerade...
But you better not underestimate me!
Hmph!
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
BAKUPOD: New battle detected.
Same old trick...
Gate Card Open!
Reinforcement!
With this card...
My power level shoots up a hundred times the number
of Bakugan with the same Attribute in play!
BAKUPOD: El Condor Power Level increase to 440 Gs.
Sorry, Komba...
But you're still no match for my Hydranoid.
Yeah...
But I'm just getting started!
Time to pull out my ace!
Ability Activate!
Hot Blast!
Now your lame Hydranoid is gonna drop a 100 Gs!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid Power Loss detected.
You're starting to bore me...
Ability Activate!
Thought I'd give you a little buzz
with my Bee Striker and...
My chaos... of... Darkness...
Oh no!
He cancelled out my Ability!
BAKUPOD: El Condor Power Decrease of 100 Gs.
How in the world did you do that?
Komba! Put me in! You need me!
I can beat Hydranoid!
Harpus!
You know I can do this!
Please? I won't let you down! I promise!
Okay, you're on!
Bakugan Brawl!
Harpus Stand!
Time for a little girl power!
Ha!
I hope you like the Doom Dimension, Harpus...
Oh no...
If you're trying to scare me...
you're not doing a very good job...
But you're still cute!
Love to stay and chat...
but... Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
Scar-ey!
And I'm not just talking about your dental work!
Komba...
are you ready to play?
Yeah! Gate Card Open!
Energy Merge!
BAKUPOD: Harpus power increase to 470 Gs.
Hydranoid power decrease 350 Gs.
You're done, Masquerade!
Ability Activate!
Feather Blast!
Ready for a little feather dusting?
Chaos... of... Dark-ness...
Nice try!
But you're low on power!
And if you haven't already noticed,
Harpus is up to 570 Gs!
Fusion Ability...
Distraction Buster...
Activate...
BAKUPOD: Fusion Ability voids Feather Blast Ability.
Chaos of Darkness increases Hydranoid Power to 550 Gs.
Harpus decrease to 470 Gs.
No way?
Nooooooooo!
I'm melting!
Harpus!
I guess I lose...
sorry...
Harpus, no!
Good-bye, Komba!
Masquerade...
You win...
[laughter]
Stick around, Bakugan Battle Brawler's will be right back!
And now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
RUNO: No! I said I'd never battle again!
And you can't make me!
Go away!
I mean it!
Leave me alone!
Tigrerra!
What a nightmare!
Are you alright, Runo?
Yeah I...
I dreamt that Masquerade had me cornered and then he
sent you to the Doom Dimension...
Bakugan... Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
This is the end, Billy!
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid enters battle at 450 Gs.
Boss!
We're in big trouble!
So what'd we do now?
Gate Card Open!
Quicksand Freeze!
Looks like I've got you up against the ropes now!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Tuskor Stand!
Ability Activate!
Grand Slide!
There's no way you can get to my Cycloid now, Masquerade!
BAKUPOD: Cycloid Power Level increase to 680 Gs.
Hydranoid decreases 50 Gs.
Okay... Get 'em!
Ability Activate...
Oregano Revenge...
What the?
BAKUPOD: Hydranoid now in lead.
Take this!
Hey... boss! I'm hit!
I'm gonna...
miss you, Billy!!
Oh N-No! C-Cycloid!
I've got a weird feeling about this!
-Tigrerrra? -Yes?
I was wondering...
You think everyone's upset?
Is it my fault Bakugan have been sent
to the Doom Dimension?
I would say they are more worried, Runo.
Like me, your friends don't understand your decision
to quit Bakugan.
As you know, I will always be there for you.
Whether you battle again or not.
I am your friend and that will never change.
And deep within my heart,
I trust you know what you are doing...
Thank you...
You're welcome, my dear.
[tap]
TIGRERRA: It looks like I'm not the only worried about you...
DRAGO: I can't believe you just threw me!
Hey, relax, Drago!
How else was I supposed to get her attention?
Well next time, try using a stone!
Runo!
Broughta somethin'!
It's an energy drink!
When you said you were through with battling yesterday,
I noticed you were kinda drained...
So I brought you my special juice!
It's loaded with lots of good junk!
See ya!
Oh and...
it's cool that you don't wanna brawl anymore.
I'll cover ya!
Later!
Sure...
So...
you ready to lose, Klaus?
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
Ability Activate...
Gravity Chamber...
This is the power Darkness!
Oh N-Noo!
Must hang on!
Ability Activate! Dive Mirage!
Oh no!
I am so out of my league!
Ha!
Yes Hydranoid...
breathe in the power!
Unreal!
Well Klaus...
What did you think of my new and evolved Hydranoid?
He, evolved?
Listen, Klaus! Use me!
It's your only chance!
I can't, Sirenoid!
I can't risk losing you in battle!
You don't have a choice!
Once you've put me in play,
throw down your Mine Ghost Ability.
Trust me!
It might work...
But we must hurry!
Now play me, Klaus!
Okay...
But we have to be extremely careful!
Here goes!
I won't let you down!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Sirenoid Stand!
Ha... Ability Activate...
Gazer Exedra!
Hydranoid, do some damage to that Griffon!
You'll pay for this!
Oh, and now it's your turn...
Sirenoid...
I won't let you destroy me!
Never!
Yes...
we'll see about that...
Gate Card Open!
Peacemaker!
What's wrong? Why didn't you listen?
I told you to use your Mine Ghost Ability!
You can't defeat the evolved Hydranoid without it!
So...
Are you saying you want to surrender?
Not a chance!
There's no way I'm putting Sirenoid at risk against you!
But watch!
Bakugan Brawl!
Sirenoid Stand!
Gate Card Open!
BAKUPOD: Power Increase to 670 Gs.
Sirenoid can't even come close to that kind of power
in battle!
That's enough!
Ability Activate!
Dive Mirage!
Swim to another card, Sirenoid!
What? No, Sirenoid!
Not there!
But that's a Mine Ghost Card!
What are you doing?
My purpose is to serve you, Klaus,
however your strategy can only lead to failure!
I'm sorry, but I must defy your orders!
Sirenoid! You're wrong!
Oh... problems in paradise?
Bakugan Brawl!
Hydranoid Stand!
I wasn't expecting that!
Everything will be fine, Klaus...
You're mine, Hydranoid!
Sirenoid!
Ha...
So your little plan is to sacrifice yourself...
for that idiot you call your master, eh?
Not very bright...
Ability Activate...
Grand Down!
Sirenoid, turn back!
Little late!
Your Ability Card is completely useless
and your Bakugan is on a one way trip!
Sirenoid!
Good-bye, Klaus!
I will never forget you!
Good-bye!!
Sirenoid...
This wasn't...
supposed to... end like this!
Ha!
Okay Brawlers...
I'm coming for you next!
ALL: What?
You can't be serious?
C-Could you please repeat that, Runo?
I said...
I'm retiring from retiring from Bakugan battling!
Which means...
I'm back in the game!
Yes but...
what changed your mind this time?
Yeah, is everything all right?
Weren't you worried about something, Runo?
Well... yes but...
I was just kinda being silly...
and maybe a little selfish.
Kinda feeling sorry for myself.
Turns out I was letting down my friends and I realized
I could never let that happen!
You all are like family to me!
Atta girl, Runo!
Nice to have you back again!
Alright!
Thanks a lot, guys!
This really means a lot to me!
Now, who's hungry?
What ya have?
Let me think...
Everything on the desert menu!
Hey, don't push your luck, buster!
Besides, you're looking a little pudgy lately.
Here, have some nice carrot juice.
Thanks but... no thanks...
Ah man, this stuff smells nasty!
It's the same juice you brought by my house yesterday,
Dan...
It might have gone bad...
Why don't you try some?
Well, it looks like everything's back to normal!
They make such a cute couple!
Yes...
they do!
Hey, knock off the couple stuff!
DAN: Yeah, we're just friends!
[laughter]
RUNO: What's so funny? Seriously.
Better get ready Shun, 'cause we've got a date with destiny!
You see, Masquerade's been knocking off
his soldier's Bakugan and sending them straight
to the Doom Dimension!
Now he's after the Brawlers!
Let's just say I'm not gonna let that happen!
My team's all set to face Masquerade!
Even Shun's gonna join the party!
So you better watch out you masked freak 'cause my Drago's
ready for a little action and it's gonna get rough!
Bakugan Brawl!
See ya there!